hi this is Pam dinner chair I'm a tech
marketing consultant and the author of
the book all effective sales and ableman
so here this on the fly
bits of marketing training - spends
while traveling I attended marketing
artificial intelligence conference in
Cleveland Ohio last week and I did a
workshop for them how to leverage AI to
enable sales I talked about different
tools that you can evaluate and also how
to exam and look into your current
existing process and a better embedded
AI as a part of the job to make you more
efficient of course I went to multiple
different sections and here are three
takeaways from the conference number one
make sure that you have a clean data it
doesn't matter what you do in terms of a
big data analytics or using AI to do
forecast or prediction you need to make
sure you have a clean data otherwise you
just gotta gene and garbage out ii
started with small identify a small
initiative or project that you can work
out for example if you actually have
200,000 or more leads in your database
maybe you can use machine learning or AI
to further segment your leaves and
identify the leaves that have a higher
propensity to buy started with something
small that you can actually quantify the
ROI number 3 test test test
using different model building or using
different data sets to validate your
assumption so that's my key takeaway by
talking to attendees i also found out
that monitors are timid aided by AI the
reality is AI just another form of
technology but we a lot of time don't
know what it is and what to make of it
so if you have any questions about how
to use AI for sales enablement let's
have a chat so this is pam dinner
currently I'm actually in Dallas Texas
and
having a meeting here and the way there
is kind of nice
um not humid well you know so Pam dinner
on the flight I'm sharing bits of a
marketing training dispense while
traveling talk to you soon bye
you